Update JS SDK using NPM and browser versions update (#474)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: stream-sources/rudderstack-sdk-integration-guides/rudderstack-javascript-sdk/version-migration-guide.mdx

If you have cloned RudderStack's JavaScript SDK and are self-hosting it via your own CDN, follow the steps below:

1. Download the core [JavaScript SDK v1.1](https://cdn.rudderlabs.com/v1.1/rudder-analytics.min.js).
2. Download all the destination SDKs listed [here](#rudderstack-destination-sdks).
3. Move all the downloaded files to your preferred location.

<div class="warningBlock">

> The destination SDKs name should not be changed as the custom names are not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The destination SDK names should not be changed as the custom names are not supported.
```

</div>

> We recommend maintaining the following structure:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is recommended to maintain the following structure:
```

<img src="../../../assets/js-sdk-version-migration.png" alt="Recommended structure for self-hosting RudderStack's CDN" />

> 4. Next, check the core SDK's filename:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Next, check the core SDK's file name:
```

> - If it is different than `rudder-analytics.min.js`, update the script tag in your website as shown below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If it is **not** `rudder-analytics.min.js`, update the script tag in your website, as shown:
```

  - The destination SDKs are **not** located next to the core SDK file under the `js-integrations` directory, update the script tag as shown:

    ```html
    <script>
    // rudderanalytics object initialization
    // ...
    // ...
    // provide the location of the destination SDKs in the load options
    rudderanalytics.load(<WRITE_KEY>, <DATA_PLANE_URL>, {
        destSDKBaseURL: "https://cdn.<yourdomain>.com/custom-js-integrations"
    });
    // ...
    // ...
    </script>

    <script src="https://cdn.<yourdomain>.com/rudder-analytics.min.js"></script>
    ```

## Updating version using NPM

The latest NPM package is based on JavaScript SDK v1.1 architecture and is released with the 2.x.x version. To update the SDK package using NPM, use any of the below options:

* Upgrade `rudder-sdk-js` package to the latest version using the below command:

```javascript
npm install rudder-sdk-js@latest
```

* Upgrade `rudder-sdk-js` package to a specific version using the below command:

```javascript
npm install rudder-sdk-js@2.x.x
```

* Manually modify the **package.json** file like below and run `npm install`:

```javascript
"dependencies": {
  "rudder-sdk-js": "^2.x.x"
}
```

> ### Load device mode destinations

Reviewer 2: This section should explore 2 scenarios of loading the device mode integrations:
- forwarding RS CDN
- Cloning the SDKs
just like the above CDN cases and make it consistent.

> The device mode destinations are loaded from https://cdn.rudderlabs.com/v1.1/js-integrations/ in 2.x.x, depending on the dashboard settings. This path can be used **for proxy** as well and should **not be configured to be blocked** in any way. 

Reviewer 2: We need to elaborate here on the proxy part as we have done in here,
https://github.com/rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs/blob/1f392cd277cc5a8cc9b1f7c53c77a58fca325c6f/stream-sources/rudderstack-sdk-integration-guides/rudderstack-javascript-sdk/version-migration-guide.mdx#case-2-forwardingproxying-the-rudderstack-cdn

If you want to load the device-mode destinations from a different path, follow the below steps: 

1. Use `destSDKBaseURL` option in the load call the like below:

```javascript
rudderanalytics.load( <WRITE_KEY> , <DATA_PLANE_URL> , {
  destSDKBaseURL: "<your-custom-path-for-device-mode-destination>", // ex: "https://cdn.<yourdomain>.com/js-integrations"
  ...otherOptions
});
```
2. Download the destination SDKs listed [here](#rudderstack-destination-sdks).

> 3. Move all the downloaded files to your preferred location.

Reviewer 2: Change the order to, 2, 3 and 1 to make it consistent with the above CDN instruction set.

> <div class="warningBlock">

Reviewer 2: Please add this warning to the above CDN instruction set as well.

> 
> The destination SDKs name should not be changed as the custom names are not supported.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The destination SDKs name should not be changed as the custom names are not supported.
```

</div>

> ## RudderStack destination SDKs

Reviewer 2: @MoumitaM Can you make sure the set of integrations here is the latest?

Reviewer 3: Added the new integrations in the draft document. @ishachopra0401, kindly update this.

// ...
</script>

<script src="https://cdn.<yourdomain>.com/<your-custom-analytics-file>.js"></script>
```

- If it **is** `rudder-analytics.min.js` and:
  - The destination SDKs are located next to the core SDK file under the `js-integrations` directory (as highlighted in the tip above), update the script tag as shown:

    ```html
    <script src="https://cdn.<yourdomain>.com/rudder-analytics.min.js"></script>
    ```

  - The destination SDKs are **not** located next to the core SDK file under the `js-integrations` directory, update the script tag as shown:

    ```html
    <script>
    // rudderanalytics object initialization
    // ...
    // ...
    // provide the location of the destination SDKs in the load options
    rudderanalytics.load(<WRITE_KEY>, <DATA_PLANE_URL>, {
        destSDKBaseURL: "https://cdn.<yourdomain>.com/custom-js-integrations"
    });
    // ...
    // ...
    </script>

    <script src="https://cdn.<yourdomain>.com/rudder-analytics.min.js"></script>
    ```

## Updating version using NPM

> The latest NPM package is based on JavaScript SDK v1.1 architecture and is released with the 2.x.x version. To update the SDK package using NPM, use any of the below options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The latest NPM package is based on JavaScript SDK v1.1 architecture and is released with the 2.x.x version. To update the SDK package using NPM, use any of the following options:
```

* Upgrade `rudder-sdk-js` package to the latest version using the below command:

```javascript
npm install rudder-sdk-js@latest
```

* Upgrade `rudder-sdk-js` package to a specific version using the below command:

```javascript
npm install rudder-sdk-js@2.x.x
```

* Manually modify the **package.json** file like below and run `npm install`:

```javascript
"dependencies": {
  "rudder-sdk-js": "^2.x.x"
}
```

> ### Load device mode destinations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Loading device mode destinations
```

The device mode destinations are loaded from https://cdn.rudderlabs.com/v1.1/js-integrations/ in 2.x.x, depending on the dashboard settings. However you can also choose to load them by using any of the below-mentioned ways:

#### Forwarding/proxying the RudderStack CDN

If you are forwarding or proxying RudderStack's CDN, follow these steps:

1. Log into your CDN provider account.
2. Go to the distribution and set the origin to RudderStack's CDN. Ensure that the entire domain (`https://cdn.rudderlabs.com`) is set as the origin.

<div class="infoBlock">

> We highly recommend forwarding the entire CDN path <code class="inline-code">https://cdn.rudderlabs.com</code> so that you don't miss any files/directories that might be added in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is highly recommended to forward the entire CDN path <code class="inline-code">https://cdn.rudderlabs.com</code> so that you don't miss any files/directories that might be added in the future.
```

</div>

<div class="successBlock">

> Refer to our guide on <a href="https://rudderstack.com/docs/user-guides/how-to-guides/custom-domains/">using custom domains</a> for more information CDN forwarding/proxying.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the <a href="https://rudderstack.com/docs/user-guides/how-to-guides/custom-domains/">Using Custom Domains</a> guide for more information CDN forwarding/proxying.
```

</div>

> 3. Then, go to **Behaviors**, and check that the sub-path `/v1.1/js-integrations/*` is **not configured to be blocked** in any way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Then, go to **Behaviors** and verify that the sub-path `/v1.1/js-integrations/*` is **not configured to be blocked** in any way.
```

<div class="warningBlock">

This step is required to ensure that both the core SDK and destination SDKs are forwarded properly.
</div>

> 4. Finally, use `destSDKBaseURL` option in the load call as shown:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Finally, use `destSDKBaseURL` option in the SDK's `load()` call, as shown:
```
